---
title: "FAQ"
bg: purple
color: white
fa-icon: comments
---
<button class="faqquestion" answerID="a1" style="margin-bottom: 0;">What do the wheelchair symbols mean?</button>
<div class="faqanswer" id="a1">
<p style="margin-top: 0;">Wheelchair accessibility information is availabe for some apps, e.g. in our toilet finder app. There are three stages of accessibility to indicate if a particular location is suitable to be used with a wheelchair (or similar mobility devices):
<ul style="list-style-type: none;">
  <li style="background: url('img/wheelchair_yes.png') no-repeat left top; min-height: 25px; padding-left: 35px; padding-top: 3px;">Wheelchairs have full unrestricted access, i.e. the entry and the rooms are stepless.</li>
  <li style="background: url('img/wheelchair_limited.png') no-repeat left top; min-height: 25px; padding-left: 35px; padding-top: 3px;">Wheelchairs have partial access, i.e. the entry may have a step not higher than the width of a hand and the most important rooms should be accessible.</li>
  <li style="background: url('img/wheelchair_no.png') no-repeat left top; min-height: 25px; padding-left: 35px; padding-top: 3px;">Wheelchairs have no unrestricted access, i.e. the location might be accessible by stairs only.</li>
</ul>
</p>
</div>

<button class="faqquestion" answerID="a2" style="margin-bottom: 0;">In which countries do the apps work?</button>
<div class="faqanswer" id="a2">
<p style="margin-top: 0;">The apps works anywhere in the world. There are two exceptions: Cash Group Locator and Cash Pool Locator do show results in Germany only as the corresponding banking groups are based in Germany.
</p>
</div>

<button class="faqquestion" answerID="a3" style="margin-bottom: 0;">Is it possible to report errornous or missing places?</button>
<div class="faqanswer" id="a3">
<p style="margin-top: 0;">Of course! Many users constantly help to improve the databases by reporting newly added or closed locations from all over the world. Therefore, the data used by the apps is up-to-date and gets improved continuously. There are mainly two ways to report updates:
<ul>
  <li>Report a missing place: Choose "Report mising entry" from the overflow menu (the three dots at the upper right corner) in the main list or map view. Please describe the location of the missing place as exact as possible (or even better add the GPS coordinates, e.g. from Google Maps). </li>
  <li>Report an errornous place: Long-press the corresponding list item and choose "Report errornous entry" from the appearing context menu. Please describe the type of error as exact as possible, e.g. "wrong address", "place not existing / closed", "wrong opening hours" and so on.</li>
</ul>
</p>
<p>
After you sent your feedback, we will correct the databases as soon as possible. You will be notified by email as soon as the update is live.
Remark: The reporting functionality is currently being redesigned to make it easier for you to send updates directly from within the app. Stay tuned for one of the next app updates to try it out!
</p>
</div>

<!--
<button class="faqquestion" answerID="a4" style="margin-bottom: 0;">What's the difference between the paid and the free version?</button>
<div class="faqanswer" id="a4">
<p style="margin-top: 0;">Nothing!
</p>
</div>
-->
#### Your question has not been answered? Just <a href="mailto:positive.infinity.development@gmail.com?subject=Apps">send us an email</a>!

<script>
var coll = document.getElementsByClassName("faqquestion");
var i;

for (i = 0; i < coll.length; i++) {
  coll[i].addEventListener("click", function() {
    this.classList.toggle("active");
    var elem = document.getElementById(this.getAttribute("answerID"));
    if (elem.style.display === "block") {
      elem.style.display = "none";
    } else {
      elem.style.display = "block";
    }
  });
}
</script>